>> On "Into The Vortex."
>> Whenever you see something
unclassified in a document that
the government releases, that
means there's a classified
report someplace.
>> This week on Gaia
on "Cosmic Disclosure."
>> And I was introduced to
the existence of these beings
to help generate a relationship
between humans' race
and Trogdaborians.
>> "On mysteries of
the Knights Templar."
>> Who knew the legends of
the Holy Grail originated with
the Knights Templar.
And that begs the question,
what is the Holy Grail?
>> On "The Other Side."
>> Sangomas are traditional
healers and play an important
role in South African society.
To become a Sangoma, one has
to answer to their calling.
>> "On Open Minds
with Regina Meredith."
>> If we start paying attention,
then it's like the infinite
nature disappears, and we
resume and we're trapped again
in the finite
structures of our life.
>> "On Beyond Belief
with George Noory."
>> It's important
for us to heal,
so that those streams of energy
through the cosmos can come
through to us genetically,
energetically.
>> On "Superpower."
>> It's about us waking up and
literally remembering who we
really are and the
deeper nature of reality.
>> This reality is an illusion.
You want a different reality,
yeah, change your mind.
>> Only on Gaia.